# DIF Applied Crypto WG â€“ Revocation

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/dXR_g2LxTP6gL6-qwaC_tg/badge)](https://hackmd.io/dXR_g2LxTP6gL6-qwaC_tg)

[WG projects](https://github.com/topics/wg-crypto) | [DIF page](https://identity.foundation/working-groups/crypto.html) | [Mailing list](https://lists.identity.foundation/g/crypto-wg) | [Recordings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wgccmMvIImx30qVE9GhRKWWv3vmL2ZyUauuKx3IfRmA/edit#gid=339046779)

For this call, you are encouraged to turn your video on. This is a good way to build rapport given we are a large, disparate group experiencing a lot of churn.\_

This document is live-edited DURING each call, or shortly after the call, and stable/authoritative copies live on our github repo under /agenda.md .
Please note that we might not notice a pullrequest in time, but you are free to propose agenda items for future meetings via hackmd.\_

<details>
<summary> Meeting information - <b>1pm ET Thursdays</b></summary>

- Before your contribute - [**join DIF**](https://identity.foundation/join) and [**sign the WG charter**](https://bit.ly/DIF-WG-select1) (both are required!)
- Time: 1pm ET, time in ET
- [Calendar entry](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/r/eventedit/XzhkMGs4YzloNnNyNDhiYTI2NHA0NmI5azY0czNjYmExNmNzMzRiOW02aDEzMmM5azZwMGsyaGhnOGsgYW5kcmVhcy5mcmVpdGFnLjc3QG0?sf=true)
- [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/82260779505?pwd=RTVsNGZGaFZ2cHdCd0hBanNvQnRudz09%3C/b%3E%3Cbr%3E%3Cbr%3EMeeting), Meeting ID: 822 6077 9505 , Password: 201920
</details>

## Meeting - Thursday 1 December 2022 (1PM ET)

**Participants:**

- Brian Richter
- Andrew Whitehead
- Christian Paquin
- David Waite
- Jeremie Miller

**Agenda:**

- Mike's AnonCreds Presentation
  - https://wiki.hyperledger.org/display/ANONCREDS/2022-11-28+AnonCreds+Specification+Working+Group+Meeting
- Katex PR - ready to merge
- Christian asks where is the latest output of this group?
  - action item: Write an introduction to the group
    - what methods have we looked at?
    - what methods are we doing more work with?
- NRT
  - action item: write section describing lifecycle
- meeting cadence: every other week (up to an hour)

## Meeting - Tuesday 25 October 2022 (11AM ET)

**Participants:**

- Brian Richter
- Andrew Whitehead
- Christian Paquin

**Agenda:**

- [Katex PR](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/spec-up/pull/42#issuecomment-1279065363)
  - Andrew to see if Daniel wants it as required feature
- Andrew met w/ academics & microsoft (show & tell)
- Brian to read BBS+ spec

## Meeting - Thursday 18 August 2022 (2PM ET)

**Participants:**

- Brian Richter
- Andrew Whitehead
- David Waite

**Agenda:**

- non revocation token spec merged in with workaround
- how to get it hosted at DIF
- requirements PR
- issues
- discussion
- moving meeting time
- increasing/decreasing cadence
- other interested parties

## Meeting - Thursday 21 July 2022 (2PM ET)

**Participants:**

- Andrew Whitehead
- Brian Richter
- Jeremie Miller
- Dmitri Zagidulin

**Agenda:**

- Discuss spec-up katex blocker
- Create issues for open questions on Non Revocation Token method

## Meeting - Thursday 23 June 2022 (2PM ET)

**Participants:**

- Andrew Whitehead
- Brian Richter

**Agenda:**

- Discuss how to move this work item along
  - update work item owners with crypto group
  - update work item owners in this repo
  - start building specs surrounding approaches discussed

## Meeting - Thursday 20 January 2022 (2PM ET)

**Participants:**

- Andreas Freitag
- Andrew Whitehead
- David Waite
- Mike Lodder
- Brian Richter

**Agenda:**

- Update from everybody - long time no see
- Presenting the "ValidityVerifiableCredential" Schema and highlighting advantages and disadvantages
  - It is not based on cryptographic accumulators
- No updates on the other schemas

## Meeting - Thursday 09th December 2021 (2PM ET)

**Participants:**

- Andreas Freitag
- Andrew Whitehead
- Jeremie Miller
- Brian Richter

**Agenda:**

- Walk through the BBF18 and VB20 schema suggested from Mike (see slides 16-21)
- Discuss different options for witness update and asses (slide22)
- Implementation and run performance test for BBF18
- Assess VB20 implementation from Mike
  - Validator needed for confirmation and feedback.
- Assess zk-SAM implementation from Andrew
  - Validator needed for confirmation and Feedback.

## Meeting - Thursday 25th November 2021 (2PM ET)

Because of Thanksgiving the meeting did not take place

**Participants:**

- Andreas Freitag

**Agenda:**

- Walk through the BBF18 and VB20 schema suggested from Mike (see slides 16-21)
- Discuss different options for witness update and asses (slide22)
- Implementation and run performance test for BBF18
- Assess VB20 implementation from Mike
  - Confirmation and Feedback
  - who can do that?
- Assess zk-SAM implementation from Andrew
  - Confirmation and Feedback
  - Who can do that?

## Meeting - Thursday 11th November 2021 (2PM ET)

Participants:

- Andreas Freitag
- David Waite
- Jeremie Miller
- Brian Richter

Agenda:

- Intro new participants
- Housekeeping
  - github
  - Spreadsheet
  - Presentation (new)
- How we can move faster?

Next Steps:

- zk-SAM
  - Call with Stephan to understand the details
  - Start the graphics for zk-SAM schema
- BBF18/VB20
  - Detail the graphics for BBF18 and VB20
  - Research the cost of different update processes (deltas, download reg.list, issuer petition)
- Brian can start on working on the code if available

## Meeting - Thursday 30th September 2021 (2PM ET)

Participants:

- Andreas Freitag
- Andrew Whitehead
- Tomislav Markovski
- David Huseby

Agenda:

- Results from a survey (Andreas)
- Suggestion for an assessment setup (Andreas)
- list of methods
- definition of KO criteria (e.g. privacy)
- issues

Next Steps:

- put the questionnaire files on github
- Finish the description
- define Knock-Out criterias

## Meeting - Thursday 16th September 2021 - (2pm ET)

Participants:

- Andreas Freitag
- Tomislav Markovski
- Andrew Whitehead
- Jeremie Miller
- Mike Lodder
- Brian Richter

Agenda:

- Intro round
- Who else should we invite?
- Organisational
  - bi weekly meetings - accepted
  - tools we should use - github and hackmd
  - co owner / host - Brian Richter and Mike Lodder
- Alignment of the overall process - accpeted
- Distribute tasks
- any other business

Actions:

- Brian and Mike will be owner of the revocation working item
- Mike will describe his three types of revocation methods
- Andrew will describe his newest suggestion for a revocation methods
- Andreas will suggest a testsetup as base for discussion
- Andreas will share his results from a questionnaire for requirements for revocation
